Usage-Guide:


To use the CFDWARP-Proprietary License put the License Text below into comments
as close to the top of the source file as possible:


License-Text:


(c) Copyright <year>, <author>
All rights reserved.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions. "Discloser" shall mean the Copyright holder Bernard Parent. 
   "Recipient" shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted 
   by this License. "Information" shall mean the software and algorithms in this file. 
   "Purpose" shall mean the tasks assigned to the Recipient by Discloser.

2. The Copyright notices and the Terms and Conditions must not be modified or removed 
   from this source file.   

3. All right, title and interest in and to the Information shall remain the exclusive 
   property of the Discloser and the Information shall be held in trust and confidence 
   by Recipient for Discloser. No interest, licence or any right respecting the 
   Information, other than expressly set out herein, is granted to Recipient by 
   implication or otherwise.

4. Recipient shall use all reasonable efforts to protect Discloser’s interest in the 
   Information and keep it confidential, using a standard of care no less than the 
   degree of care that Recipient would be reasonably expected to employ for his own 
   similar confidential information. In particular Recipient shall not directly or 
   indirectly disclose, allow access to, transmit or transfer the Information to a third 
   party without the Discloser’s prior written consent. 

5. The Information shall not be copied, reproduced in any form or stored in a retrieval 
   system or data base by Recipient without the prior written consent of Discloser, 
   except for such copies and storage as may reasonably required internally by Recipient 
   for the Purpose.

6. Disclaimer. This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors 
   "AS IS" and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the 
   implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are 
   disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright holder or contributors be liable for any
   direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including
   but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, 
   or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, 
   whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise)
   arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the 
   possibility of such damage. 

END OF TERMS OF CONDITIONS
